README.md, before:

# hapi-mongo-swagger

[GraphQL](https://graphql.org/) API based on Nodejs with
[Swagger](https://swagger.io/) documentation powered by
[MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/)

## Running the server

Just run the command

```bash
npm run dev-server
```

## Husky

```bash
npm install husky -D
```

Edit `package.json` > `prepare` script, and add as follow:

```json
"prepare": "husky install"
```

Then, run the command:

```bash
npm run prepare
```

To add a hook:

```bash
npx husky add .husky/pre-commit "eslint and prettier commands"
npx husky add .husky/post-commit "git update-index -g"
npx husky add .husky/commit-msg 'npx --no -- commitlint --edit ${1}'
git add .husky/
git commit -m "chore: Added git hooks with husky"
```

See:
[conventional-changelog/commitlint](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/commitlint).

## Standard-version

`standard-version` needs to have a starting point to append the CHANGELOG and
other versions to. Simply run:

```bash
npm run release -- --first-release
```

### Usage

For a new release, just run

```bash
npm run release
```

For more details, please visit the Github site
[standard-version](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/standard-version)

Commit message:

chore: Added routing with Hapi

README.md, after:

# hapi-mongo-swagger

[GraphQL](https://graphql.org/) API based on Nodejs with
[Swagger](https://swagger.io/) documentation powered by
[MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/)

Instead of going with Express, we are going with Hapi. In a nutshell, Hapi is a
Node framework. The reason why I chose Hapi is rather simple — simplicity and
flexibility over the boilerplate code.

Hapi enables us to build our API in a very rapid manner.

## Environment

Make sure to set the env variables. For local environment you can create a
`.env` file with the following environment variables:

```bash
APP_HOST=localhost
APP_PORT=4000
```

## Running the server

Just run the command

```bash
npm run dev-server
```

## Husky

```bash
npm install husky -D
```

Edit `package.json` > `prepare` script, and add as follow:

```json
"prepare": "husky install"
```

Then, run the command:

```bash
npm run prepare
```

To add a hook:

```bash
npx husky add .husky/pre-commit "eslint and prettier commands"
npx husky add .husky/post-commit "git update-index -g"
npx husky add .husky/commit-msg 'npx --no -- commitlint --edit ${1}'
git add .husky/
git commit -m "chore: Added git hooks with husky"
```

See:
[conventional-changelog/commitlint](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/commitlint).

## Standard-version

`standard-version` needs to have a starting point to append the CHANGELOG and
other versions to. Simply run:

```bash
npm run release -- --first-release
```

### Usage

For a new release, just run

```bash
npm run release
```

For more details, please visit the Github site
[standard-version](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/standard-version)
